- SAT game with a roulette and three modes. The roulette consists of 9 highly likely SAT words that switch daily. User spins the roulette and lands on a random word. A question involving this word is given and depending on the mode, the format will be different. Once a word is landed on, it is taken off the roulette until all the words are completed, or unless the user clicks reset. The first three words selected will be in the first mode, the next three in the second mode, and the last three in the third mode, however the user can switch modes at will and a different question will be given for the same word in the different format.
- Have a bank of the top 200 words for the August SAT and pull from this daily.
- Modes: All the modes are multiple choice with 4 options. Indicate the modes at the top of the screen as well as what each mode entails. In Vocab mode, a word is given and the definition can be chosen among the options. In the Meaning mode, a sentence is given containing the word with the word underlined, and the user has to select the best meaning from the options. In the scenario mode, words are hidden on the roulette. The question includes a sentence with a blank, and users have to choose from the four words in the options to decide which one fits best.
- It will be a game format with 9 questions per day involving each of the words. If the user gets a question involving a certain word wrong, it stays on the roulette and can be chosen again in a different format until it is gotten right. Correct questions are tracked in some sort of measurement system where there are 9 empty spaces and they fill up as words are correctly learned. Incorporate fun aspects like streaks and lives.

To fix:
- The roulette should divide each word with lines on either side and it should actually spin when the user clicks spin. There will be a marker on the left side of the roulette, and whichever word lands on the marker should be selected.
- Make the information above the roulette much smaller and more aesthetically pleasing, not all in a row.
- When a word is answered incorrectly, make sure it is selected later in the gameplay and in a different mode.
- For the Meaning mode, make sure to include a sentence including the chosen word above the definition choices.
- Every 3 words, make sure to switch the mode even if the user selected a different mode for a single word.